Let's face it. You're busy.
Keeping up with friends,
keeping up with school,
and maybe even keeping a job.
So when it comes to keeping things clean,
who has time for that?
But here are three reasons why being clean is something we should all make time for.
First, it shows respect for others.
Second,
it makes you feel good about yourself.
And third,
it can actually make your life easier and less stressful.
So how can you do it?
Start with the basics.
Wash your hands often.
Especially before meals.
And after using the restroom,
this gets rid of germs.
And keeps you healthy.
Make it a habit to wash regularly
after any sports or intense activities.
Don't forget your teeth.
They need cleaning too.
And ask your parents how to do laundry.
Because when you leave home,
you may have to do it for yourself.
So always make time to organize and clean your home,
your car,
and anything else that's important to you.
The Bible says a smart person
sees the wisdom of everything being done properly
and in order.
Yes, you are busy.
But don't be too busy.
To keep things clean.